---
layout: post
title: Testing Main Page
subtitle:
date:  2015-12-01 21:11:29 -0800
categories:
---

h2(anchor#main). %(octicon octicon-link)Welcome%

<notextile>
You wanna know how I got them? So I had a wife.
She was beautiful, like you, who tells me I worry too much, who tells me I ought to smile more,
who gambles and gets in deep with the sharks. Hey. One day they carve her face.
And we have no money for surgeries. She can't take it. I just wanna see her smile again.
</notextile>
<br>

<div class="project-list">
  <div class="pure-g">
     <div class="project-element">
       <div class="pure-u-1-4 pure-u-md-1-4">
          !{{ site.github_path | escape  }}{{ site.p2_fig }}!
      </div>
       <div class="pure-u-3-4 pure-u-md-3-4">
          <div class='padded-text'>
            <h3> Images of the Russian Empire</h3>
            <h4> Colorizing the Prokudin-Gorskii Photo Collection </h4>
            <div class="project-text">
               <notextile>
                In this project...
              </notextile>
            </div>
          </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <spacer> </spacer>
    <div class="project-element">
       <div class="pure-u-1-4 pure-u-md-1-4">
          !{{ site.github_path | escape  }}{{ site.p2_fig }}!
      </div>
       <div class="pure-u-3-4 pure-u-md-3-4">
          <div class='padded-text'>
            <h3> Project 1. ZZZZZ </h3>
            <h4> Subheading </h4>
            <notextile>
            In this project we designed a pinhole camera ("camera obscura"),
            which is essentially a dark box with a pinhole on one face,
            and a screen on the opposite side.
            </notextile>
          </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!--End Project Element-->
  </div>
  <!--End Project List-->
</div>
<!--End Grid-->


<h2 class="center"> VIII. Summary </h2>

<notextile>
Overall, this project was quite challenging, but I felt huge a wave of relief once I was finally able to
generate the photo mosiac. I encountered significant delays mapping the new coordinates in the canvas back
to the original image, namely due to determining the proper bounds of the canvas and pixels coordinates
to pull from. Shifting conventions between labeling x,y and row, column order from human and numpy
coordinates, and then accounting for top vs bottom offsets with new coordinate axes systems added
additional complexity. I thought the final product was a great achievement, although the built-in
panorama feature on the iPhone is superior. If I revisit this project,
I want to generate an explorable photosphere.
</notextile>
<br>

<comment>
<h3 class="center"> Bells & Whistles </h3>
1) Presidential Morph Video

2) Facial Gender Bender

3) Participation in Class Morph
</comment>

1. <a href='https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/classes/wi07/cse252a/homography_estimation/homography_estimation.pdf' target="_blank"> Homography Estimation </a>
<br>
<h5 class='center'>  - Zachary Zeleznick </h5>