---
layout: post
title: Panorama Project
subtitle: Image Warping, Stitching, and Homographies
images: site.images
---


h2(anchor#main). %(octicon octicon-link)I. Introduction%


<notextile>
Here we will examine how to create photo mosaics from a series of images shot along a rotational axis.
All images were shot by hand with the iPhone 6 default camera appliction.
</notextile>


<h2>  II. Image Homographies </h2>
<notextile>
In order to stitch images shot from different perspectives together, we need to first
determine a perspective transformation matrix (3 x 3) that will rectify our target image to
match the same perspective of our base image. This paper illustrates the math behind our
operations </notextile>[1].
<br>

<h2> III. Image Rectification </h2>
<div class="pure-g">
{% for image in site.p7_rect offset:0%}
    <div class="pure-u-1-2 pure-u-md-1-2 center padded"> !{{ site.github_path | escape  }}{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}({{image.title}})!:http://zzeleznick.github.io/cs194-fma/{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}
         {{image.title}}
       <br><br>
    </div>
{% endfor %}
</div>
<notextile>
Once we have the transformation matrix H, we must determine the offsets for our canvas
in which we will display our rectified image. This can be done by taking the dot product of H
with the four corners of our target image and adjusting the canvas dimensions to fit the desired shape.
The pixels of the canvas can then be iterated through, and pullled from our target image to fill the display.
</notextile>
<br>


<h2> IV. Image Stitching </h2>
<notextile>
Following the warp of our target image, we can combine the base and rectified image to
produce an image mosiac. The base and target image will have an overlapping region encompassing 40-70%
of the image mosiac. In order to reduce artifacts, we can use a weighted linear blend (alpha, 1-alpha) such that as we move away from
one image to the next, our weight (alpha) decreases. Other methods of blending (such as Laplacian or Poisson) could
have better results, but a linear blend produced comparable results.
</notextile>
<br>
<div class="pure-g">
{% for image in site.p7_panos offset:0%}
    <div class="pure-u-1-1 pure-u-md-1-1 center"> !{{ site.github_path | escape  }}{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}({{image.title}})!:http://zzeleznick.github.io/cs194-fma/{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}
         {{image.title}}
       <br><br>
    </div>
{% endfor %}
</div>
<br>

<h2> V. Image Originals </h2>
<div class="pure-g">
{% for image in site.p7_originals offset:0%}
    <div class="pure-u-1-3 pure-u-md-1-3 center"> !{{ site.github_path | escape  }}{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}({{image.title}})!:http://zzeleznick.github.io/cs194-fma/{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}
        {{image.title}}
       <br><br>
    </div>
{% endfor %}
</div>

<h2 class="center"> IV. Summary </h2>

<notextile>
Overall, I found this to be an interesting project that reinforced my understanding of the properties of cameras and lightfields.
I was initially surprised to learn that increasing the relative aperature size was reducing the quality dramatically,
but I then recalled my the knowledge I gleaned from constructing our pinhole camera: a smaller aperature
can create a sharper image. If I revisit this project, I would like to play around with generating a photosphere.
</notextile>
<br>

<comment>
<h3 class="center"> Bells & Whistles </h3>
1) Presidential Morph Video

2) Facial Gender Bender

3) Participation in Class Morph
</comment>

1. <a href='https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/classes/wi07/cse252a/homography_estimation/homography_estimation.pdf' target="_blank"> Homography Estimation </a>
<br>
<h5 class='center'>  - Zachary Zeleznick </h5>