---
layout: post
title: Panorama Project
subtitle: ( Automatic ) Image Warping, Stitching, and Homographies
images: site.images
---


h2(anchor#main). %(octicon octicon-link)I. Introduction%


<notextile>
Here we will examine how to automatically create photo mosaics from a series of images shot along a rotational axis.
All images were shot by hand with the iPhone 6 default camera appliction.
</notextile>


<h2>  II. Image Homographies </h2>
<notextile>
In order to stitch images shot from different perspectives together, we need to first
determine a perspective transformation matrix (3 x 3) that will rectify our target image to
match the same perspective of our base image. This paper illustrates the math behind our
operations </notextile>[1].
<br>

<h2> III. Image Rectification </h2>
<div class="pure-g">
{% for image in site.p7_rect offset:0%}
    <div class="pure-u-1-2 pure-u-md-1-2 center padded"> !{{ site.github_path | escape  }}{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}({{image.title}})!:http://zzeleznick.github.io/cs194-fma/{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}
         {{image.title}}
       <br><br>
    </div>
{% endfor %}
</div>
<notextile>
Once we have the transformation matrix H, we must determine the offsets for our canvas
in which we will display our rectified image. This can be done by taking the dot product of H
with the four corners of our target image and adjusting the canvas dimensions to fit the desired shape.
The pixels of the canvas can then be iterated through, and pullled from our target image to fill the display.
</notextile>
<br>


<h2> IV. Image Stitching </h2>
<notextile>
Following the warp of our target image, we can combine the base and rectified image to
produce an image mosiac. The base and target image will have an overlapping region encompassing 40-70%
of the image mosiac. In order to reduce artifacts, we can use a weighted linear blend (alpha, 1-alpha) such that as we move away from
one image to the next, our weight (alpha) decreases. Other methods of blending (such as Laplacian or Poisson) could
have better results, but a linear blend produced comparable results.
</notextile>
<br>

<h2> V. Automatic Image Stitching Results </h2>
<notextile>
Right off the gun, here are the results from automatic stitching via Harris Corner Detection, Adaptive Non-Maximal
Suppression, Descriptor Matching, and RANSAC. These methods will be explained in more detail shortly.
</notextile>
<br>
<div class="pure-g">
{% for image in site.p8_autos offset:0%}
    <div class="pure-u-1-1 pure-u-md-1-1 center"> !{{ site.github_path | escape  }}{{site.p8_path}}{{image.ref}}({{image.title}})!:http://zzeleznick.github.io/cs194-fma/{{site.p8_path}}{{image.ref}}
         {{image.title}}
       <br><br>
    </div>
{% endfor %}
</div>
<br>

<h2> V. Automatic VS Manual Image Stitching Results </h2>
<notextile>
Here we can see that overall the quality is comparable between the automatic and manual methods.
</notextile>
<div class="pure-g">
{% for image in site.p8_comps offset:0%}
    <div class="pure-u-1-2 pure-u-md-1-2 center"> !{{ site.github_path | escape  }}{{site.p8_path}}{{image.ref}}({{image.title}})!:http://zzeleznick.github.io/cs194-fma/{{site.p8_path}}{{image.ref}}
         {{image.title}}
       <br><br>
    </div>
{% endfor %}
</div>
<br>



<h2> VI. Image Originals </h2>
<div class="pure-g">
{% for image in site.p7_originals offset:0%}
    <div class="pure-u-1-3 pure-u-md-1-3 center"> !{{ site.github_path | escape  }}{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}({{image.title}})!:http://zzeleznick.github.io/cs194-fma/{{site.p7_path}}{{image.ref}}
        {{image.title}}
       <br><br>
    </div>
{% endfor %}
</div>

<h2 class="center"> VI. Summary </h2>

<notextile>
Overall, this project was quite challenging, but I felt huge a wave of relief once I was finally able to
generate the photo mosiac. I encountered significant delays mapping the new coordinates in the canvas back
to the original image, namely due to determining the proper bounds of the canvas and pixels coordinates
to pull from. Shifting conventions between labeling x,y and row, column order from human and numpy
coordinates, and then accounting for top vs bottom offsets with new coordinate axes systems added
additional complexity. I thought the final product was a great achievement, although the built-in
panorama feature on the iPhone is superior. If I revisit this project,
I want to generate an explorable photosphere.
</notextile>
<br>

<comment>
<h3 class="center"> Bells & Whistles </h3>
1) Presidential Morph Video

2) Facial Gender Bender

3) Participation in Class Morph
</comment>

1. <a href='https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/classes/wi07/cse252a/homography_estimation/homography_estimation.pdf' target="_blank"> Homography Estimation </a>
<br>
<h5 class='center'>  - Zachary Zeleznick </h5>